---
title: C-Majah
first-name: Cedar
last-name: Hanneson
location: Victoria, BC
role: artist

category: artist
layout: artist

genres:
  - Dancehall
  - Reggae
  - Dubstep

tags:
  - artist
  - victoria
  - british columbia
  - dancehall
  - reggae
  - dubstep

mixcloud: dblok-c-majah
bandcamp:
soundcloud:
facebook:
twitter:
---
Cedar (aka C Majah) started mixing vinyl in 2001 and quickly developed a passion for electronic music. Owning a record store called "It Sounds Better On Wax" from 2003 until 2008 allowed him to hone his sound creating a trademark style combining his favorite genres: breaks, drum & bass and reggae.

Cedar has played well over a hundred shows including opening for Ed209, Kenny Ken and Perfect Combination. He made it to the final round of the 2009 Whitebird-NorthWestJungle DJ Comp, came second place in the 2008 Galaxy DJ Comp and won two consecutive monthly DJ Comps at Hugo's in 2007. Having thrown numerous events since 2004 under the production name Breakbeat Island, he is a well known figure in the Vancouver Island dance music scene. He played at Soundwave Music Festival for its final four years (2007 - 2010) of an eleven year run as well as the Victoria Electronic Music Festival in 2008 and 2009. He loves to party and always gets the crowd moving with his vocal-lead dancefloor smashers.

Cedar also co-hosted Forward Festival in 2007 and 2008 which included international talent such as Sister Carol, Ras Michael and Scientist. He loves music and he loves playing for a crowd. Whether you're hosting a daytime family-friendly festival or an all-night adult-only event, C Majah will provide the vibe to get the dancefloor moving.